{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Rebellion Radio. My name is Wright, and I have an urgent announcement. As you may know, the government of Hell-landia has long ignored climate change and the crisis it has caused on the world. Due to this, we predict that in 24 hours, all exits in and out of the city will collapse. Due to this, we are now going to attempt to evacuate every willing citizen before it is too late. To do this, we have set up a network of transports throughout the city that will eventually teleport you out. However, each location is occupied by enemy forces, so you will have to fight your way through. We will provide a choice of either a shotgun, pistol, or a rifle, but it\'92s up to you to fight your way out and get to every teleporter. Along the way, you\'92ll encounter various levels of heat and cold, which will affect how your gun handles. Cold will make your gun more inaccurate, lower its damage, and make its range longer, and heat will increase your gun\'92s damage but make its range shorter. In addition, you may have to destroy some walls to pass through areas. Please contact your local representative of the rebellion as soon as possible to begin your transport out. It will be difficult, but we believe that every citizen who wants to should be able to make it out. Good luck on every one of your journeys.}